---
title: Okta Pardalote Tool product
layout: legal_notice
---
This document contains third party open source licenses and notices for
the Okta Pardalote Tool product. Certain licenses and notices may appear
in other parts of the product in accordance with the applicable license
requirements.

The Okta product that this document references does not necessarily use
all the open source software packages referred to below and may also
only use portions of a given package.

THIRD PARTY NOTICES

_Redis_

  VERSION (IF ANY):    
  -------------------- ---------------------------------------
  BRIEF DESCRIPTION:   Redis is an advanced key-value store.
  LICENSE:             BSD 3-Clause

Copyright (c) 2006-2015, Salvatore Sanfilippo. All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

3. Neither the name of Redis nor the names of its contributors may be
used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS
IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED
TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED
TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

DISCLAIMER AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

_DISCLAIMER_. OKTA AND ITS SUPPLIERS HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL (AND HAVE NOT
AUTHORIZED ANYONE TO MAKE ANY) WARRANTIES EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING,
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY
RIGHTS WITH RESPECT TO OPEN SOURCE SOFTWARE, TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE PARTIES ARE NOT RELYING AND HAVE
NOT RELIED ON ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES WHATSOEVER REGARDING
OKTA AND OKTA MAKES NO WARRANTY REGARDING ANY THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE.

_LIMITATION OF LIABILITY_. OKTA AND ITS SUPPLIERS, SHALL NOT BE
RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE UNDER ANY CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY
OR OTHER THEORY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO OPEN SOURCE SOFWARE (A) FOR
ERROR OR INTERRUPTION OF USE, LOSS OR INACCURACY OR CORRUPTION OF DATA,
(B) FOR COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS, SERVICES, RIGHTS, OR
TECHNOLOGY, (C) FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR REVENUES, OR FOR ANY INDIRECT,
SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, WHETHER OR NOT A
OKTA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

IN NO EVENT WILL OKTA NOR ITS SUPPLIERâ€™S AGGREGATE AND CUMULATIVE
LIABILITY FOR ANY CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO OPEN SOURCE
SOFTWARE EXCEED ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($100).

Any provisions provided by Okta which differ from those in any third
party license are provided by Okta alone.

GPL LICENSED SOFTWARE

If applicable and to the extent any open source components are licensed
under the GPL and/or LGPL, or other similar license that require the
source code and/or modifications to source code to be made available (as
noted above), a copy of the source code corresponding to the binaries
for such open source components and modifications thereto, if any, may
be obtained by downloading the source code or by sending a request, with
your name and address to: Okta, Inc., 301 Brannan Street, Suite 100, San
Francisco, CA 94107. All open source requests should clearly specify:
OPEN SOURCE REQUEST, Attention General Counsel and the name of the
requested component and Okta product. Okta will mail a copy of the
source code to you on a CD or equivalent physical medium. This offer to
obtain a copy of the source code is valid for three (3) years from the
date you acquired this Okta product. Alternatively, the open source may
accompany the Okta product.
