---
title: Okta Peregrine Tool product
layout: legal_notice
---
This document contains third party open source licenses and notices for
the Okta Peregrine Tool product. Certain licenses and notices may appear
in other parts of the product in accordance with the applicable license
requirements.

The Okta product that this document references does not necessarily use
all the open source software packages referred to below and may also
only use portions of a given package.

THIRD PARTY NOTICES

_Lua_

  VERSION (IF ANY):    5.1.5
  -------------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
  BRIEF DESCRIPTION:   Lua is a powerful, fast, lightweight, embeddable scripting language.
  LICENSE:             MIT

Copyright (c) 1994–2015 Lua.org, PUC-Rio.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

_Lua-cmsgpack_

  VERSION (IF ANY):    0.4.0
  -------------------- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  BRIEF DESCRIPTION:   Lua-cmsgpack is a MessagePack implementation and bindings for Lua 5.1/5.2/5.3 in a self contained C file without external dependencies.
  LICENSE:             Permissive

Copyright (c) 2012 Salvatore Sanfilippo. All rights reserved.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

DISCLAIMER AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

_DISCLAIMER_. OKTA AND ITS SUPPLIERS HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL (AND HAVE NOT
AUTHORIZED ANYONE TO MAKE ANY) WARRANTIES EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING,
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY
RIGHTS WITH RESPECT TO OPEN SOURCE SOFTWARE, TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE PARTIES ARE NOT RELYING AND HAVE
NOT RELIED ON ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES WHATSOEVER REGARDING
OKTA AND OKTA MAKES NO WARRANTY REGARDING ANY THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE.

_LIMITATION OF LIABILITY_. OKTA AND ITS SUPPLIERS, SHALL NOT BE
RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE UNDER ANY CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY
OR OTHER THEORY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO OPEN SOURCE SOFWARE (A) FOR
ERROR OR INTERRUPTION OF USE, LOSS OR INACCURACY OR CORRUPTION OF DATA,
(B) FOR COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS, SERVICES, RIGHTS, OR
TECHNOLOGY, (C) FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR REVENUES, OR FOR ANY INDIRECT,
SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, WHETHER OR NOT A
OKTA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

IN NO EVENT WILL OKTA NOR ITS SUPPLIER’S AGGREGATE AND CUMULATIVE
LIABILITY FOR ANY CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO OPEN SOURCE
SOFTWARE EXCEED ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($100).

Any provisions provided by Okta which differ from those in any third
party license are provided by Okta alone.

GPL LICENSED SOFTWARE

If applicable and to the extent any open source components are licensed
under the GPL and/or LGPL, or other similar license that require the
source code and/or modifications to source code to be made available (as
noted above), a copy of the source code corresponding to the binaries
for such open source components and modifications thereto, if any, may
be obtained by downloading the source code or by sending a request, with
your name and address to: Okta, Inc., 301 Brannan Street, Suite 100, San
Francisco, CA 94107. All open source requests should clearly specify:
OPEN SOURCE REQUEST, Attention General Counsel and the name of the
requested component and Okta product. Okta will mail a copy of the
source code to you on a CD or equivalent physical medium. This offer to
obtain a copy of the source code is valid for three (3) years from the
date you acquired this Okta product. Alternatively, the open source may
accompany the Okta product.
